From this repository, I am going to start the API. 

API -- it starts for Application programming interface, we know that the world is full of softwares. So, there is always a need 
for different softwares to communicate with each other inorder to exchange data and services 

benefits of API:- 

1) It allows different softwares to talk with each other. 

2) If not, everyone has to recreate the same software again and again. For example, the uber needs the google maps to operate their 
business. So. there are two things that uber can do. first they can create their own maps that will be costly and they wil require a 
team to continously manage their service, realted to bugs, security and updates. 

3) but there is also an another method that google maps can expose some parts of their server(Public API) and provide its documentation 
to uber reagarding how to make request to their server and how they will get the response. they provide the structure of the request and 
response and uber can use to make request and get response. By this way, they donot need to make an another google maps to operate their 
business, saving a lot of cost, time and headache. 

API are of two types:- 

1) Private API :- Our backend is nothing but a collection of Private APIs. It is because, our code is npt exposed. 

2) Public API:- In this, some of the backend codes is exposed to the user. 

Now, the API follows various different architecture. But I am going to learn only one popular archietecture that is RESTAPI architecture. 
In REST archietecture, we use the JSON format to communicate with each other and provide neccessary data and services.

JSON stands for Javascript object notation, it is a very popular format to send data packets over the internet. 

There are two popular commands that we need to remember:- 

1) JSON.strigfy(data). {JS object --> JSON }
1) JSON.parse(data). {JSON --> JS object}

My first pratice program:- 

In this, I had a JSON string that I supposed, I got from somewhere and then, I converted it into an object and used the dot operater 
to show data to the user using the ejs file. 

My second pratice program:- 

In this, I used a Public API, {"https://bored-api.appbrewery.com"} 
Also, I started using a npm package named AXIOS which is a very popular package to handle the works related to API, axios is used to make 
a request to the public API and it simplifies the process a lot. It makes the request making and getting response so much easy. 
By using them, I made a few request on this API and goyt the response and used the response to show something to the user. 

1) Async and await :- 

2) try and catch :- 